Why did you call someone over?
Yes, godfather, he married
The security guard he is familiar with said
A security guard is coming to kill us
Hahahahaha
I have been a killer for decades
I have never seen such a joke until I became king
I actually called a few security guards to kill me
Yes!
You didn't expect that you have been a killer for decades
Arrogant and domineering, no one dares to provoke
But to die today
I can't stand you anymore
Today, Bao killed you, but it didn't show my ability.
Godfather, hurry down and kill him
Let him play three knives and six holes
See if he still dares to hit me
Don't worry, dear grandson.
Grandpa will definitely help you take revenge
Jiro didn't kill him yet
Who is going to kill someone in the dead field?
Where did the clown come from, give me a month, wait a minute
Unbiased See Meifeng God of War, Meifeng God of War
Meifeng God of War
It is Yi Huang's subordinate Meifeng God of War